Add return Result<Value, Error> for paired returns (#6864)
realm/realm-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

=============================================================
### Enhancements
* Add the ability to listen for when a Watch Change Stream is opened when using Combine. Use `onOpen(event:)` directly after opening a `WatchPublisher` to register a callback to be invoked once the change stream is opened.

> * For paired return from completion handlers add return Result<Value, Error>

Reviewer: This is a breaking change.

It also should start with an imperative:
```suggestion
* Change paired return types from Swift completion handlers to return `Result<Value, Error>`
```
